Update NATS and RabbitMQ BBEs with latest conventions (#3867)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/rabbitmq-client-secure-connection/rabbitmq_client_secure_connection.md

# RabbitMQ client - SSL/TLS

> The `rabbitmq:Client` can be configured to connect to the server via SSL/TLS by providing a certificate file. The certificate can be provided through the `secureSocket` field of the connection configuration. Use this to secure the communication between the client and the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rabbitmq:Client` can be configured to connect to the server via SSL/TLS by providing a certificate file. The certificate can be provided through the `secureSocket` field of the `rabbitmq:ConnectionConfiguration`. Use this to secure the communication between the client and the server.
```
